###### Lisa Kiefer CS-150

## Energy Depletion in Europe

#### According to the US Environmental Protection Agency, Energy and Heat production accounts for about 34% of the total global Greenhouse gas emissions (2019). In the light of climate change, it is important to evaluate the energy consumption status among regions to ensure sufficient access but also to enhance the reliance on renewable energy sources.

### Context
#### My audience will consist mostly of students at Westmont College, with many coming from California. I acknowlegde that there might be not be a very personal relationship to the European Union or their countries, however I believe that there is still value in educating about what is going on in other parts of the world, especially considering that we as Christian are suppose to be stewards of God's creation and love our neighbors. I believe most know that I am from Germany myself, so they know I have a personal interest, whcih gives me a little credibility, but again since I am only a student I neede to make sure that I know my data well and are able to answer questions adequately. I can also anticipate that my audience will be familiar with choropleth maps and bar charts due to the contents of this course. After the presentation I want my audience to know about the specific European countries that are still having higher energy depletion ratios and how that might correlate to the share of firms that are investing in energy efficiency. Since I will be giving a live presentation, I have full control over what the audience sees and do not have to explain every detail because I can directly answer arising questions. And I plan to keep the tone of the presentation professional but not super strict to encourage engagement with this topic. 


### Data 
#### For this project, I selected a CVS file from the World Bank Data that has stored for each country in the world the percentage it's Gross National Income, which basically represents how much of a nations wealth is spend on depleating their energy resources. I chose this data frame because I thought it would provide a different perspective on how we approach our energy instead of just looking at energy consumption per capita or renewable energy share, plus the value of energy depleation is interesting from both an environmental and economic perspective - if the energy depleation ratio is high, then it has negative impact on the environment because the energy resource is quicker depleated than it can regenerate, and it also impacts the economy as the resource will become more expensive it is more scarce. Then I also wanted to look into how much firms and organizations are investing in the energy sector, which is why I selected more CSV files reporting data from Investment surveys conducted by the European Investment Bank. The CSV file has the share of firms investing in measures to improve energy efficiency as a percentage of the total firms for each european country for one specific year.I selected the years 2018-2021 because the other data frame only went up to 2021 as well and I thought that might be an interesting time intervall to check out because of the Covid pandemic starting in 2020. I combined the four files with a single line into one file with four lines, each representing one year.

### Data Source Citations
#### World Bank Group, 2021. "Adjusted savings - energy depleation (%GNI)", https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.ADJ.DNGY.GN.ZS?view=map. License: CC BY-4.0.
#### European Investment Bank, 2021-2018. EIB investment surveys. "Share of firms investing in measures to improve energy efficiency", https://data.eib.org/eibis/graph. License: -

### Strategies 
#### For my dashboard visualization, I first used a different color scheme for my choropleth map - I used a single color that will display the value through nuanced shading, so it is simplier to read, just like the SwD book described it. I also used the color green which fits the environtmental theme of the presentation. I also used a simlpe bar graph to represent the share of firms investing in measures to improve energy efficiency data, since the bar graph is considered one of the easiest to understand, and since the choropleth map is already rather busy I wanted to use something simple to avoid overload. 
